DOC-437 - refresh CP docs (#1703)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/cp-subsystem/pages/cp-subsystem.adoc

- Member logs
- Management Center

=== Unsafe mode

> When a cluster is not configured with <<cp-members, CP members>>, the CP Subsystem is disabled and any CP data structures operate in _unsafe mode_. This is the default behavior.

Reviewer: We already have trouble with most customers not realising they are operating in "unsafe mode" - I'm not sure making the "Hazelcast uses unsafe mode by default" tip less visible (removing NOTE; header) is beneficial

In this mode, the following restrictions apply:

- CP data structures use xref:consistency-and-replication:consistency.adoc[partitioning and lazy replication mechanisms] instead of the <<consensus, Raft consensus mechanism>>.
- CP Subsystem management APIs are not available.
- Split-brain protection is not supported.

> Unsafe mode provides weaker consistency guarantees than the CP Subsystem. For example, when you increment an atomic long in unsafe mode, even though you may receive a success response, operations such as increments can be lost if a member fails.

Reviewer: > Unsafe mode provides weaker consistency guarantees than the CP Subsystem

Does this make sense? Unsafe mode is a mode of CP subsystem, so shouldn't we say "than the full CP Subsystem" or something along those lines?

> As a result, unsafe mode is not recommended for use cases that require strong consistency. Instead, this mode is suitable only for development or testing.

Reviewer: I think we should just say that this mode is suitable only for development or testing - try to discourage use as much as possible, as it really is not safe

* Hazelcast does not support dynamic scaling of the cluster. The number of members defined at the time of deployment is static and the CP members and CP group size are expected to be equal to the total number of members (the cluster size) at the time of deployment. Explicit removal and promotion of a CP member is not supported: Kubernetes has the responsibility for restarting terminated CP members.
====

We recommend setting xref:cp-subsystem:configuration.adoc#data-load-timeout-seconds[data-load-timeout-seconds,window=_blank] to a value that spans the duration from when the first pod is running to when the last pod is running and has completed its CP intialisation procedure. This is particularly important if you intend to perform _resume_ scenarios. The only way to determine when a CP member has completed its initialisation is to consult the logs. Therefore, we recommend the following to determine a reasonable value for `data-load-timeout-seconds`:

1. Load CP with an amount of data that is representative of your production use case
2. Pause the cluster

> 3. Resume the cluster and determine the duration in seconds between when the first pod in the `StatefulSet` is running and when the last pod in the `StatefulSet` is running and output an `INFO` level log message that matches the pattern `CP restore completed...in`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Resume the cluster, determine the duration in seconds between when the first pod in the `StatefulSet` is running and the last pod is running, and output an `INFO`-level log message matching the pattern `CP restore completed...in`.
```
Reads a bit better to me imo - although it's still quite a mouthful
